This is a wedding between nobles...
You'll be executed!
Of all the foolish...
How could you be so stupid?!
I don't wanna be called stupid
by the biggest dumbass around!
Where do you get off shouldering my debt?!
You wanna be my wife or something?!
I already told you, if you like me,
just admit it already!
I never once said that!
You... total imbecile!
Episode 11: God's Blessings for These Unchanging Days!
You peasant...
Do you realize that Lalatina
owes me a sum of two billion?!
If you want her, then that's
how much you'll need to pay.
As if that's even possible!
You said it, so now you can't unsay it!
What are you on about?
Here's the two billion Darkness
borrowed from you...
And now she's coming with me!
Th-That's two billion?!
M-My money!
Hey! That all belongs to me!
Stop that! All of you!
It's mine, damn you!
What is this? Where did all
that money come from?!
I sold out.
Every single idea I had,
and the associated rights.
Add to that every bit of
money we've earned questing,
and it came out to exactly two billion eris.
That's...
How could you? You're so...
You don't get to say no anymore, got it?!
And you can be damn sure I'm gonna
get my money's worth out of you!
You'll be earning back every last coin with
your body, so you'd better brace yourself!
You understand me, you degenerate Crusader?!
If you do, then sound off!
Y-Yesh!
I think I may have landed a
critical hit against her masochism.
She has the worst timing with this stuff...
Get your hands off my money!
I didn't expect you to demand
that I pay with my body...
And now a bridal carry?
Whoa, watch it with the drool!
That's Kazuma the dirtbag for you.
Dirtbag?!
All he did was return the money that
was used to pay off his own debt,
yet somehow he frames it like
he's bought Darkness...
I meant that she'd earn it
back as an adventurer!
K-Kazuma-san?!
Could you please run with your own legs now?!
All that muscle is pretty heavy, damn it!
Don't call me heavy!
I officially don't care anymore!
Lapdogs of the lord! Step aside!
And if you refuse...
You're dead meat!
Whoa! What are you gonna
accomplish by rushing them?!
Aqua! I need buffs! Support magic, please!
I've got you covered!
Could I interest you in some
versatile entertainment?
Ow, ow, ow, ow!
You men!
Never mind her, get over here!
Help me gather my money!
Yes, sir!
Nice.
Lord Aldarp!
What are you people doing?!
Go and catch Lalatina, right now!
All right! We're almost clear!
Me... no let escape.
He's huge!
Hey! We're looking kinda trapped here!
What now?! What do we do now?!
Light of Saber!
Megumin, I did it! I actually did it!
I-I'm even willing to break the law,
if my best friend asks!
Yes, you are.
As expected of my best friend.
The wicked wizard has arrived.
And as my instinct bids me...
I've come to kidnap the bride!
She's ready to set off Explosion
magic in the middle of town!
It's the crazy one!
That light... Is it her Explosion magic?!
Huh? Hey, Megumin, I think Kazuma already...
This is obviously a bluff!
She knows what'll happen
if she uses that here!
Restrain them all at once!
Really? You think I would flinch?
That I would flinch at the thought
of using Explosion magic?
Very well. Very well, then!
Consider that challenge accepted!
Don't do it!
We're staying back! Just don't do it!
Lord Aldarp! Stop provoking her, please!
Just had to steal the spotlight, didn't you?
I didn't expect you to get here first.
Megumin... And even Yunyun...
When we get home... I'll have to thank you.
Well... we're friends, aren't we?
I-I couldn't lose such a talented
Crusader without a fight.
All of you there! In the peanut gallery!
I'm talking about those of you
who are obviously adventurers!
I need you to collect my bride!
I'll reward you! How much do you want?
Are you listening to me?!
You won't have to live
hand-to-mouth anymore!
Hey! Let's play soccer!
Oh, yeah!
Hey! Pass it here! Get that ball moving!
Going right for the corner, huh?
Over here! Come on!
They're all here to help get you out of this.
Maybe it's time for you to flex your brain
muscles and think about what you did.
What a nice story...
Lord Aldarp!
You're finally here!
Aw, crap! We gotta go—
Ka... Kazuma!
I... can't hold on much longer!
Can I shoot this thing off now?!
Can I please let it go?!
Y-You can't! Not here!
Well, I can't hold it!
Yes, you can! I know you have it in you!
Just... hang in there!
Don't tense up too much!
Whatever you do, do not give up!
I can't!
Don't!
Everyone, get away from me!
Run for it!
Explosion!
Now's... our... chance...
Wow. Hiding behind the
person you came to save...
Yeah. It's awful.
K-Kazuma-san, that's terrible!
I'm Kazuma...
They're getting away!
She can't use Explosion magic again!
Restrain them!
Kazuma-san! Kazuma-san!
Aqua?!
The pain!
Augh! He knocked me right over!
The bone... My bone!
Dust! You gotta save me!
Whoa! Keith!
Oh, damn...
His arm... This is a comminuted fracture.
We're not humoring this farce!
Hey! Let go!
How can you do that if it's broken, anyway?!
Whoa, whoa, whoa...
You think you can put my pal in a wheelchair
without so much as an apology?
Must think you're hot stuff, huh?!
I thought it was a broken arm!
Where did a wheelchair enter the equation?!
I've had about enough of—
Ow! This bastard's getting violent!
Hey! The authorities are running amok!
They can't screw with adventurers!
Who do you think you are?!
After what a noble put me
through the other day...
I've got plenty of frustration
to take out on you clowns!
I guess I owe them another round of drinks.
My bride!
Don't go! Don't go, Lalatina!
It's you...
I'm coming in.
You look lovely...
And so much like your mother.
I'm so sorry. This wedding was my idea...
And now it's fallen apart in
the worst way imaginable.
Has it, now?
Kazuma...
I think I'm going to get some fresh air.
Thank you so much, lad. I'm grateful.
All I did was repay your
daughter what I owed her.
Kazuma, I'd like you to take my daughter.
Please.
No thanks. I don't see why
I should be penalized.
Y-You are unbelievable! How could you?!
This guy's one of the kingdom's pillars.
He can see right through me.
I understand. I'll take good care of her.
Lalatina, do you enjoy your life now?
I do.
Enough that I'm willing to cast everything
else aside for the sake my friends.
I see...
I love you, Father.
Thank you so much for raising me.
When you feel better... maybe we
can talk until I fall asleep...
About Mother, like we used to...
It feels like you're a child again.
Please... stay with me for a moment.
Father!
He doesn't have long left...
Sacred Break Spell!
Father?!
He was cursed!
Mister, you had one nasty curse on you!
And I used my power to clean it up real nice!
Everything should be okay now!
Isn't this great, Darkness?
Now you can tell her about her
mom all she wants, Mister!
What a nice story.
You worthless waste of a demon!
Is that all you're capable of "adjusting"?!
The curse on Sir Dustiness
seems to have been broken...
It's broken?!
That's bad! At this rate...
Maxwell! You need to warp this
story to suit my needs again!
I can't, Aldarp.
You can't? You lowlife infernal...
I used this Divine Treasure to summon
you, or have you forgotten?!
Do it! You don't get to refuse!
But I can't. The powerful light that
broke the curse is interfering...
So it can't be done.
You useless wretch!
Enough of this! Enough of you!
This is your final order!
Bring Lalatina to me right now!
Once you do, I'll pay your price!
Payment?
Yes! Now bring Lalatina to...
Your Lordship?
I've come to apologize
for what happened today.
W-Well done, Maxwell!
You've earned your payment!
And you're released from our contract!
Oh, Lalatina! Lalatina!
The contract...
Your Lordship. Please, I ask for my
friend's safety in exchange for—
You belong to me.
You are mine now!
Did you think it was Lalatina?
Too bad! It was none other than I!
Oh, now that is a massive
swell of negative emotion!
How very, very flavorful.
This feeling of dread...
You're just like Max!
Have we met before?
I've made this introduction
thousands of times before,
but once again: it's a pleasure to meet you,
Maxwell, the warper of truth.
I am Vanir, the all-seeing demon.
Vanir?
Vanir! I don't know what it is,
but that sounds so familiar...
It's time you return home to Hell,
Maxwell the Adjuster.
But he's my servant!
A servant?
You would call one of my peers,
a fellow duke of Hell, Maxwell...
your servant?
A... duke?
You were simply lucky.
Had you summoned any other demon,
you would've been torn limb from limb.
Vanir! Vanir!
But you rose to your station
in life thanks to him.
You should be grateful.
And you will, as promised, pay the price.
The contract is also over.
You see, the real issue was
your contract with Maxwell.
I must say, you've forced me to
play a rather roundabout hand.
Wait...
It's exactly as you're imagining!
I used the truth behind the debt
as pretense to inform the boy
about you and your scheming!
Oh, very good! Your dark
emotions are magnificent!
So incredibly, sublimely flavorful!
What—What are you yapping about?!
Now, then, I believe we're done here.
I will return my comrade to Hell,
and then return to work
diligently under the auspices
of that dimwitted lady entrepreneur.
Vanir, Vanir! I need to take my payment
from Aldarp before I go home...
Fine, fine, I'll pay your price, so get out of my—
Ow! It hurts!
Adarp... Aldarp!
Your screams are so good, Aldarp!
The price asked of you is the negative
emotions that suit Maxwell's tastes.
And I seriously doubt your remaining lifespan
will be enough to help you survive that.
In that case—
You'd have someone else from your
family pay instead, perhaps?
Unfortunately, the responsibility of
payment falls on the contractor alone.
And as robust a feast as this will be,
despair has never quite suited my palette.
But it's a flavor that
Maxwell is quite fond of...
The lord's gone missing?!
His long list of wrongdoings
has suddenly come to light.
He was apparently the one who sent
the body-swapping Divine Treasure
to Princess Iris, as well.
The rumors say he ran because he could
no longer keep the truth covered up.
For real?
There's no need to leave town anymore.
See? It turned out fine.
Good grief...
I'm exhausted from spending
all night packing.
I suggest sleeping until evening
and then dinner at the guild.
What's up?
Darkness?
Oh, Megumin, you didn't see it happen!
Kazuma actually bought Darkness!
She's probably too scared to come inside.
Whoa! Phrasing!
It's not that, Megumin!
I mean, technically it's true,
but not the intent!
I am so sorry for how selfish I've been.
It was genuinely foolish.
I don't mind!
Kazuma may have ended up footing quite
a bill, but all's well that ends well!
Yeah, she's right!
Plus, we managed to catch the curse
that was making your father sick!
The money will probably be recovered
from the seized assets of the lord.
But...
The intellectual rights
that you sold, Kazuma...
You won't be able to get those back.
Is that the issue?
Don't worry about it.
I've learned some cooking skills.
Maybe I'll open up a cart and...
Wait. Did you say I'm getting my money back?
Yeah. The two billion you paid out,
in addition to compensation for damages.
Two freaking billion?!
Y'know, Kazuma-san, I always thought
there was something special about you!
Yeah! You've got that certain je ne sais quoi!
So, I was hoping to get
Emperor Zel a fancy creche...
I know what you mean!
He is quite something, all right!
By the way, I was hoping to get a new robe...
You dirty pair of gold diggers!
Y'know what?! I'm gonna stay
at an inn for about a week!
What now? We already said it was fine.
It's just... About the letter I wrote...
Oh, I get it.
She thinks of it as having left the party.
Come on, is that all—
Don't be silly!
As our Crusader, you're a
vital part of this lineup!
We're not letting you go!
She's right! What're you even talking
about after all this time?
Are you stupid or something?
Where else could you
possibly belong, Darkness?
Come on, I was gonna say all that!
W-Well...
I am... a Crusader whose only
worth is in her durability,
and can't connect with a
sword to save her life.
But... if you're willing...
would you please... let me join you again?
Of course we will.
Welcome home.
I'm home!
This started with living with a princess,
then turned into an existential crisis
for the party... It's been a busy stretch,
but before I knew it,
every day was fun again.
I've got good friends.
And some good acquaintances, too.
I'm gonna live in this town, and when
I get the craving for excitement,
I'll set out for an adventure with this party.
Here in this wonderful world!
You almost what?!
Seriously, Kazuma,
are you stupid or something?!
I thought the idea was
to bring Darkness home!
I-I mean, he may have been in my bed,
but he only touched my stomach...
In bed?!
Hang on! I mean, that's accurate!
It's accurate, but...
Darkness was the one who put my hand there!
She what?!
I-It's not like that! I just thought,
if I was going to marry the lord anyway...
She admitted it!
Darkness just admitted that
she made the first move!
I'm gonna give you two some space,
maybe take Emperor Zel's egg
out for some sunbathing.
I had no idea you were so wanton, Darkness!
I feel ridiculous for worrying now!
Just... Just wait a second!
Hey, Kazuma! Help me explain this!
If I have to...
Say, Aqua. How does marriage
work in this country, anyway?
Where'd that come from?
Well, first you have to turn a notice of
marriage in on the morning of the ceremony.
And then the ceremony is
in the afternoon, so...
What brought this on?
I-It's not that uncommon these days...
She's a noble lady who's
a perverted masochist.
And a virgin who's a got an ex-husband.
If he ran off in the night, then...
I think that means you'd be
considered abandoned, Darkness.
Hey, who cares what some paperwork says?
Divorcedness.
Don't call me Divorcedness!